how much would you pay to keep your
belly button I don't really need it you
don't need it but it would be odd not to
have it
well that's true I would I would
probably pay no more than $10,000 would
you rather marry a tiger or a cup of
soup a tiger feel like a tiger would be
more useful who's gonna tell the suit
I'll tell the suit you play a character
named Joan my mother's name is Joan
what's up with that
that is weird isn't it I mean what are
the odds I'm not sure we could probably
research it but let's not let's not to
you to you and to the people who make
glasses you'll be drinking this out of
our hands otherwise lapping at it
absurdly Johnnie Walker Black the answer
to all of life's ridiculous questions
for more ridiculousness
watch Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at
11:35